223-text-prediction-updated (#611)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks: notebooks/223-text-prediction/README.md

# GPT-2 Text Prediction with OpenVINO
Text generation is a type of natural language processing. It uses computational linguistics and artificial intelligence to automatically produce natural language text that can meet specific communicative needs.
In this demo we use the **Generative Pre-trained Transformer 2 ([GPT-2](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/models/public/gpt-2))** model for text prediction.

The complete pipeline of this demo's notebook is shown below.

![image2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/91228207/163990722-d2713ede-921e-4594-8b00-8b5c1a4d73b5.jpeg)

> This is an interactive demonstration in which the user can type text into the input bar and generate predicted text. This procedure can be repeated as many times as the user desires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a demonstration in which the user can type the beginning of the text and the network will generate a further. This procedure can be repeated as many times as the user desires.
```

# Interactive Text Prediction with OpenVINO
Text generation is an area of natural language processing. It uses computational linguistics and artificial intelligence to automatically produce natural language texts that can meet specific communicative needs.

> In this demo we have used <b> Generative Pre-trained Transformer 2 ([GPT-2](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/models/public/gpt-2)) </b> model for text prediction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this demo we have used **Generative Pre-trained Transformer 2 ([GPT-2](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/models/public/gpt-2))** model for text prediction.
```

The complete pipeline of this demo's notebook is shown below.

![image2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/91228207/163990722-d2713ede-921e-4594-8b00-8b5c1a4d73b5.jpeg)

> </br>
> This is an interactive demonstration in which the user can type text into the input bar and generate predicted text. This procedure can be repeated as many times as the user desires.
> </br>
> </br>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an interactive demonstration in which the user can type text into the input bar and generate predicted text. This procedure can be repeated as many times as the user desires.

```

The following image show an example of the input sequence and corresponding predicted sequence.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/91228207/185103977-54b1671a-f02c-4f4b-9722-5c4e8b119fc7.png)

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
